---
title: "Experience"
layout: page
path: "/experience"
---
<ul>
    <li>Software Engineer for the Open Science Framework, Center for Open Science. The center is developing a cloud based management framework for scientific research projects which researchers use to structure, control, and collaborate. This Python, Java, ElasticSearch, PostGres & Mongo web application facilitates researcher’s data, academic meetings, journal collaboration, institutional branding and funders initiatives. Developed system components, implemented security, assisted in requirements definition, implemented continuous integration and delivery systems using GCE, AWS, Docker, & Ansible.</li>
    <li>Software Engineer for the Open Science Framework, Center for Open Science. The center is developing a cloud based management framework for scientific research projects which researchers use to structure, control, and collaborate. This Python, Java, ElasticSearch, PostGres & Mongo web application facilitates researcher’s data, academic meetings, journal collaboration, institutional branding and funders initiatives. Developed system components, implemented security, assisted in requirements definition, implemented continuous integration and delivery systems using GCE, AWS, Docker, & Ansible.</li>
    <li>Consultant for the Exploring Search Technology System (EST), United States Patent Office, PE2E. The system is a reengineering of the current patent examiners’ primary search systems for which they use to build patent cases. This highly scalable Cassandra, Solr, Java & JavaScript web application houses all patent data for the patent examiners to perform their daily tasks. Developed system components, assisted in requirements definition, designed and implemented continuous integration and delivery systems using Amazon Web Services and Jenkins CI Server.</li>
    <li>Software Engineer for the EPA Moderated Transaction System (EMTS), U.S. EPA, OAQPS, Compliance and Innovative Strategies Division. The system is a combined EPA exchange network high throughput node for XML files based transactions submissions, domain data query, reports solicitation, and account administration. Developed system components and assisted in requirements definition, automated testing and implemented Jenkins CI improvements for continuous integration within Amazon Web Services.</li>
    <li>Software Engineer for the Emissions Inventory System Operations and Maintenance Contract, U.S. EPA, OAQPS. This contract supports the successful reengineering of the system in 2010. As a result of it’s success, stakeholders have increased and additional functionality continues to be developed for purposes of supporting improved air program analysis. Within Amazon Web Services, developed system components, maintained Jenkins CI Server, automated release process, expanded testing frameworks, and continued to support the requirements process.</li>
    <li>Software Engineer for the Emissions Inventory System Reengineering Project, U.S. EPA, OAQPS. The reengineering initiative modernizes the United States national emissions inventory available to stakeholders nationwide for purposes of supporting improved air program analysis. Developed system components and performance testing framework. Programmed major components and assisted in requirements definition, automated testing and continuous integration improvements for the project.</li>
    <li>Software Engineer for the reengineering of the EPA’s OTAQ HeavyDuty & Nonroad Compliance System for Section 508 compliance for supporting engine manufacturer emissions quality tracking and analysis. Developed system components and developed an automated testing framework.</li>
</ul>
